Add possibility to disable multiple date intervals in `Calendar` and `Datepicker` components (#2793)
adobe/react-spectrum: packages/@react-spectrum/calendar/docs/Calendar.mdx

<Calendar aria-label="Event date" isDisabled />
```

> The `isDateDisabled` callback prop makes it possible to disable custom dates from the `Calendar`. It is being called for each date and if it returns `true`, the date cell is disabled.
> 

Reviewer: Mind updating the wording in the rest of the docs files (Calendar, RangeCalendar, DatePicker) to match DateRangePicker's change?

```suggestion
The `isDateDisabled` callback prop acts like a filter function. It is called for each visible date and if it returns `true`, the date cell is disabled.
```

Author: Updated it in all files 👌
